[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2003 action car film too fast
too furious the second film in the Fast
& Furious series so let's get started
the spoiler does rely in part that
you've seen the previous film if you'd
like to see a summary check out my
spoiler below the film opens in miami
with brian trying to make a living
a man named tej organized as a street
race and invites brian brian wins the
race but the police show up and the
racers must flee brian is caught and is
given a deal with the FBI in customs for
brian to go undercover and investigate
an argentinian drug lord named Carter
Verone in exchange for clearing Brian's
record Brian agrees and enlisting the
help of his friend Roman Pearce Roman
has a criminal history and has also
offered a clean slate for taking down
firown' the two are hired to drive for
Verone and transport his money and they
also witness Verone commit other heinous
acts they find out from a customs agent
named Monica that they will be killed
once the delivery is made while
transporting the money Brian and Roman
are monitored by two of verone's men
during the transportation however the
police pursue the drivers but tej
organizes several other drivers to
distract the police their cars are
pulled over however Brian and Roman have
switched with other drivers and they
still have Barone's money right now
driving in a Yenko Camaro approaches the
destination point but is told by her own
henchmen to take a detour away from the
original destination an airfield that
agent Monica had also found out at the
same time Roman gets rid of the henchmen
monitoring him by using an improvised
ejector seat at the airfield customs
have verone's planes surrounded but
discovered that this is a decoy and
Verone is in a boatyard miles away where
he is holding customs agent monica
hostage brian reaches the drop-off point
and just as the henchman is about to
kill Brian Roman arrives and they both
kill the henchman Barone begins to
escape on his yacht Brian and Roman
drive the Yenko Camaro off a ramp and
into the yacht
Verone is apprehended and Monica is
saved Brian and Roman have the crimes
pardoned and they talked about what they
want to do now that they are in Miami
considering starting a garage and using
some of the money that they skimmed from
their investigation so that is the
spoilers for too fast too furious if you
have another film you'd like to see me
spoil please let me know in the comments
below check out movie's spoiler alerts
on our various forms of social media
listed below and remember to like and
subscribe thanks for watching
[Music]